Develop and create and optimize a high risk. High reward dice strategy using the game mechanics. From stake.us analyze. Game mechanics for optimal strategies design. Then Create a hybrid strategy implementing the golden ratio, Fibonacci and 420 and 1252 numbers. Implement all dice strategies creating a hybrid strategy that is truly unique in its design. I want it  to be up there with Martingale in status. Implement a large jump or increase randomly in the strategy as of as we did in quick cash strategy. Set the stop lost limit for 10 times your bank roll.I wanted to stand itself through 1000 games while maintaining profit growth. Simulate the strategy over Over 1000 rolls provide a performance breakdown, identified weaknesses in the strategy and suggest. Adjust to bet sizes, progression rule and risk level based on simulation results. Optimized strategy for the best expected value. In lowest variance, introduce hybrid betting techniques if needed. Run this scenario and run the strategy in different scenarios. You know, such as high win streaks, low win streaks. The down swings. Run the strategy in multiple scenarios and evaluate the adaptability and modify the rules to ensure survival of the strategy for a 1000 games.

 Run the Monte Carlo simulation for strategy. Provide different terms for different volatilities and provide detail. When there's optimal betting conditions and provide information on what to do and how to adjust appropriately to get the maximum gain on that next roll.
 And  for survival.  Modify the strategy dynamically Track win-loss rates and bankroll growth over time continuously. Refine the strategy based on the new data and store Successful variations for later use. So I can access them later. As documents or something. Track performance? Refine the strategy. Generate new conditions and variants based on those can based on the results. Creating a truly epic and unique.  Legendary alpha alpha peak maximum of every other strategy Apex. Define objectives in risk level.Select the betting system and bank roll management.Simulate a 1000 rolls to test performance.Optimized strategy using evian variance as Analyze test under different conditions.Implement real-time adjustments and alerts track long-term, performance and refine constantly.